docs: update LSP instructions (#4920)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/developers/contracts/main.md

Install the [Noir Language Support extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=noir-lang.vscode-noir) to get syntax highlighting, syntax error detection and go-to definitions for your Aztec contracts.

> Once the extension is installed, check your nargo binary by hovering over `Nargo` in the status bar. Then click to set this to choose the path to `aztec-nargo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the extension is installed, check your nargo binary by hovering over `Nargo` in the status bar on the bottom right of the application window. Click to choose the path to `aztec-nargo` (or regular `nargo`, if you have that installed).
```
